[READY-FOR-REVIEW] Case studies and best practices in academic-industry collaboration subchapter (#3410)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/collaboration/academic-industry/online-resources-best-practices.md

(cl-academic-industry-online-resources)=
# Introduction

> This document provides valuable resources for you to implement in successful academia-industry collaborations. It offers practical guidance through a curated list of "TTW Resources" and explores relevant academic publications. Additionally, the document includes resources for writing case studies of such collaborations.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document provides valuable resources for you to implement in successful academia-industry collaborations. It offers practical guidance through a curated list of "Turing Way Resources" and explores relevant academic publications. Additionally, the document includes resources for writing case studies of such collaborations.  
```
